.TH AIRDECAP-NG 1 "February 2016" "Version 1.2-rc4"

.SH NAME
airdecap-ng - decrypt a WEP/WPA crypted pcap file
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B airdecap-ng
[options] <pcap file>
.SH DESCRIPTION
.BI airdecap-ng
decrypts a WEP/WPA crypted pcap file to a uncrypted one by using the right WEP/WPA keys.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I -H, --help
Shows the help screen.
.TP
.I -l
Do not remove the 802.11 header.
.TP
.I -b <bssid>
Access point MAC address filter.
.TP
.I -k <pmk>
WPA Pairwise Master Key in hex.
.TP
.I -e <essid>
Target network SSID. For SSID containing special characters, see http://www.aircrack-ng.org/doku.php?id=faq#how_to_use_spaces_double_quote_and_single_quote_etc._in_ap_names
.TP
.I -p <pass>
Target network WPA passphrase.
.TP
.I -w <key>
Target network WEP key in hex.
.SH EXAMPLES
airdecap-ng \-b 00:09:5B:10:BC:5A open-network.cap
.br
airdecap-ng \-w 11A3E229084349BC25D97E2939 wep.cap
.br
airdecap-ng \-e my_essid \-p my_passphrase tkip.cap
.br
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Adam Cecile <gandalf@le-vert.net> for the Debian system (but may be used by others).
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 2 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation
On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public License can be found in /usr/share/common-licenses/GPL.
.SH SEE ALSO
.br
.B airbase-ng(8)
.br
.B aireplay-ng(8)
.br
.B airmon-ng(8)
.br
.B airodump-ng(8)
.br
.B airodump-ng-oui-update(8)
.br
.B airserv-ng(8)
.br
.B airtun-ng(8)
.br
.B besside-ng(8)
.br
.B easside-ng(8)
.br
.B tkiptun-ng(8)
.br
.B wesside-ng(8)
.br
.B aircrack-ng(1)
.br
.B airdecloak-ng(1)
.br
.B airolib-ng(1)
.br
.B besside-ng-crawler(1)
.br
.B buddy-ng(1)
.br
.B ivstools(1)
.br
.B kstats(1)
.br
.B makeivs-ng(1)
.br
.B packetforge-ng(1)
.br
.B wpaclean(1)
