.TH AIRMON-NG 8 "April 2018" "Version 1.2-rc5"

.SH NAME
airmon-ng - POSIX sh script designed to turn wireless cards into monitor mode.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B airmon-ng
<start|stop> <interface> [channel]
.B airmon-ng
<check> [kill]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.BI airmon-ng
This script can be used to enable monitor mode on wireless interfaces. It may also be used to go back from monitor mode to managed mode. Entering the airmon-ng command without parameters will show the interfaces status. 
It can also list/kill programs that can interfere with the wireless card operation.
.SH OPTIONAL PARAMETERS
.PP
.TP
.I start <interface> [channel]
Enable monitor mode on an interface (and specify a channel). Note: Madwifi-ng is a special case, \(aqstart\(aq has to be used on wifi interfaces and \(aqstop\(aq on ath interfaces.
.TP
.I stop <interface>
Disable monitor mode and go back to managed mode (except for madwifi-ng where it kills the ath VAP).
.TP
.I check [kill]
List all possible programs that could interfere with the wireless card. If \(aqkill\(aq is specified, it will try to kill all of them.
.TP
.I --verbose
This flag must precede start/stop/check and can be combined with other parameters or used alone. 
This flag will increase the verbosity to provide additional useful information which may not be needed for normal operation.
.TP
.I --debug
This flag must precede start/stop/check and can be combined with other parameters or used alone. 
This flag will increase the verbosity to debug level to assist in troubleshooting errors in airmon-ng. Use this flag when opening a bug, but only use --verbose when requesting support in irc.
.TP
.I --elite
WARNING: DO NOT USE: This flag must precede start or stop and will prevent airmon-ng from removing interfaces. 
WARNING: Use of this flag will immediately disqualify receiving any support from the aircrack-ng team, due to the fact that this behavior is known to be broken. WARNING!

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Adam Cecile <gandalf@le-vert.net> for the Debian system (but may be used by others).
And modified to fit airmon-ng by David Francos Cuartero <xayon@xayon.net>.
Most recently modified by Zero_Chaos to update for the airmon-zc rewrite.
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 2 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation
On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public License can be found in /usr/share/common-licenses/GPL.

.SH SEE ALSO
.br
.B airbase-ng(8)
.br
.B aireplay-ng(8)
.br
.B airodump-ng(8)
.br
.B airodump-ng-oui-update(8)
.br
.B airserv-ng(8)
.br
.B airtun-ng(8)
.br
.B besside-ng(8)
.br
.B easside-ng(8)
.br
.B tkiptun-ng(8)
.br
.B wesside-ng(8)
.br
.B aircrack-ng(1)
.br
.B airdecap-ng(1)
.br
.B airdecloak-ng(1)
.br
.B airolib-ng(1)
.br
.B besside-ng-crawler(1)
.br
.B buddy-ng(1)
.br
.B ivstools(1)
.br
.B kstats(1)
.br
.B makeivs-ng(1)
.br
.B packetforge-ng(1)
.br
.B wpaclean(1)
