.TH AIRTUN-NG 8 "April 2015" "Version 1.2-rc2"

.SH NAME
airtun-ng - a virtual tunnel interface creator for aircrack-ng
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B airtun-ng
[options] <interface name>
.SH DESCRIPTION
.BI airtun-ng
creates a virtual tunnel interface (atX) for sending arbitrary IP packets by using raw ieee802.11 packet injection.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.TP
.I -H, --help
Shows the help screen.
.TP
.I -x <pps>
Sets maximum number of packets per second.
.TP
.I -a <BSSID>
Specifies the BSSID for the iee802.11 header. In WDS Mode this sets the Receiver.
.TP
.I -h <SMAC>
Specifies the source MAC for the iee802.11 header.
.TP
.I -i <iface>
Sets the capture interface.
.TP
.I -r <file>
Specifies a file to read 802.11 frames.
.TP
.I -y <PRGA-file>
Is the name of the file, which provides the keystream for WEP encoding. (No receiving, just transmitting of IP packets.)
.TP
.I -w <WEP-key>
This is the WEP key to en-/decrypt all traffic going through the tunnel.
.TP
.I -t <tods>
Defines the ToDS and FromDS bit in the ieee802.11 header. For tods=1, the ToDS bit is set to 1 and FromDS to 0, while tods=0 sets them the other way around. If set to 2, it will be tunneled in a WDS/bridge.
.TP
.I -m <netmask>, --netmask <netmask>
Filters networks based on bssid ^ netmask combination. Needs \-d, used in replay mode. 
.TP
.I -d <BSSID>, --bssid <BSSID>
Filters networks based on the <BSSID>. Used in replay mode.
.TP
.I -f, --repeat
Enables replay mode. All read frames, filtered by bssid and netmask (if specified), will be replayed.
.TP
.I -s <transmitter>
Set Transmitter MAC address for WDS Mode.
.TP
.I -b
Bidirectional mode. This enables communication in Transmitter\(aqs AND Receiver\(aqs networks. Works only if you can see both stations.
.SH EXAMPLES
.B airtun-ng
\-a 00:14:22:56:F3:4E \-t 0 \-y keystream.xor wlan0
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
.br
.B airbase-ng(8)
.br
.B aireplay-ng(8)
.br
.B airmon-ng(8)
.br
.B airodump-ng(8)
.br
.B airodump-ng-oui-update(8)
.br
.B airserv-ng(8)
.br
.B besside-ng(8)
.br
.B easside-ng(8)
.br
.B tkiptun-ng(8)
.br
.B wesside-ng(8)
.br
.B aircrack-ng(1)
.br
.B airdecap-ng(1)
.br
.B airdecloak-ng(1)
.br
.B airolib-ng(1)
.br
.B besside-ng-crawler(1)
.br
.B buddy-ng(1)
.br
.B ivstools(1)
.br
.B kstats(1)
.br
.B makeivs-ng(1)
.br
.B packetforge-ng(1)
.br
.B wpaclean(1)
