.TH AIRVENTRILOQUIST-NG 8 "May 2017" "Version 1.2-rc4"

.SH NAME
airventriloquist-ng - encrypted WiFi packet injection
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B airventriloquist-ng
[options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.BI airventriloquist-ng
injects on encrypted WiFi packet and circumvents wireless intrusion prevention systems.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.TP
.I --help
Shows the help screen.
.TP
.I -i <replay interface>
Interface to capture and inject. Mandatory option.
.TP
.I -d, --deauth
Sends active deauthentications frames to encrypted stations.
.TP
.I -e <value>, --essid <value>
ESSID of target network. For SSID containing special characters, see https://www.aircrack-ng.org/doku.php?id=faq#how_to_use_spaces_double_quote_and_single_quote_etc_in_ap_names
.TP
.I -p <value>, --passphrase <value>
WPA Passphrase of the target network. Passphrase is between 8 and 63 characters long.
.TP
.I -c, --icmp
Respond to all ICMP frames (Debug).
.TP
.I -n, --dns
IP to resolve all DNS queries to.
.TP
.I -s <URL>, --hijack <URL>
URL to look for in HTTP requests when hijacking connections. The URL can have wildcards characters. Example: *jquery*.js*
.TP
.I -r <URL>, --redirect <URL>
URL to redirect hijacked connections to.
.TP
.I -v, --verbose
Verbose output.
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
.br
.B airbase-ng(8)
.br
.B aireplay-ng(8)
.br
.B airmon-ng(8)
.br
.B airodump-ng(8)
.br
.B airodump-ng-oui-update(8)
.br
.B airserv-ng(8)
.br
.B besside-ng(8)
.br
.B easside-ng(8)
.br
.B tkiptun-ng(8)
.br
.B wesside-ng(8)
.br
.B aircrack-ng(1)
.br
.B airdecap-ng(1)
.br
.B airdecloak-ng(1)
.br
.B airolib-ng(1)
.br
.B besside-ng-crawler(1)
.br
.B buddy-ng(1)
.br
.B ivstools(1)
.br
.B kstats(1)
.br
.B makeivs-ng(1)
.br
.B packetforge-ng(1)
.br
.B wpaclean(1)
.br
.B airtun-ng(8)
