.TH TKIPTUN-NG 8 "April 2015" "Version 1.2-rc2"

.SH NAME
tkiptun-ng - inject a few frames into a WPA TKIP network with QoS
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B tkiptun-ng
[options] <replay interface>
.SH DESCRIPTION
.BI tkiptun-ng
is a tool created by Martin Beck aka hirte, a member of aircrack-ng team. This tool is able to inject a few frames into a WPA TKIP network with QoS. He worked with Erik Tews (who created PTW attack) for a conference in PacSec 2008: "Gone in 900 Seconds, Some Crypto Issues with WPA".
.SH OPERATION
.PP
.TP
.I -H, --help
Shows the help screen.
.TP
.B Filter options:
.TP
.I -d <dmac>
MAC address of destination.
.TP
.I -s <smac>
MAC address of source.
.TP
.I -m <len>
Minimum packet length.
.TP
.I -n <len>
Maximum packet length.
.TP
.I -t <tods>
Frame control, "To" DS bit.
.TP
.I -f <fromds>
Frame control, "From" DS bit.
.TP
.I -D 
Disable AP Detection.
.PP
.TP
.B Replay options:
.TP
.I -x <nbpps>
Number of packets per second.
.TP
.I -p <fctrl>
Set frame control word (hex).
.TP
.I -a <bssid>
Set Access Point MAC address.
.TP
.I -c <dmac>
Set destination MAC address.
.TP
.I -h <smac>
Set source MAC address.
.TP
.I -F
Choose first matching packet.
.TP
.I -e <essid>
Set target SSID.
.PP
.TP
.B Debug options:
.TP
.I -K <prga>
Keystream for continuation.
.TP
.I -y <file>
Keystream file for continuation.
.TP
.I -j
Inject FromFS packets.
.TP
.I -P <PMK>
Pairwise Master key (PMK) for verification or vulnerability testing.
.TP
.I -p <PSK>
Preshared key (PSK) to calculate PMK with essid.
.PP
.TP
.B Source options:
.TP
.I -i <iface>
Capture packets from this interface.
.TP
.I -r <file>
Extract packets from this pcap file.
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Thomas d\(aqOtreppe.
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 2 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation
On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public License can be found in /usr/share/common-licenses/GPL.
.SH SEE ALSO
.br
.B airbase-ng(8)
.br
.B aireplay-ng(8)
.br
.B airmon-ng(8)
.br
.B airodump-ng(8)
.br
.B airodump-ng-oui-update(8)
.br
.B airserv-ng(8)
.br
.B airtun-ng(8)
.br
.B besside-ng(8)
.br
.B easside-ng(8)
.br
.B wesside-ng(8)
.br
.B aircrack-ng(1)
.br
.B airdecap-ng(1)
.br
.B airdecloak-ng(1)
.br
.B airolib-ng(1)
.br
.B besside-ng-crawler(1)
.br
.B buddy-ng(1)
.br
.B ivstools(1)
.br
.B kstats(1)
.br
.B makeivs-ng(1)
.br
.B packetforge-ng(1)
.br
.B wpaclean(1)
